Andrew Titmuss, you have received a Lucky Sword from the Feast!
Lucky Sword - Passive Item, Bonuses: +2 Strength, +1 Luck
	A glistening golden sword with a magnificient aura of power.
	While in your possession, this item grants a permanent +2 boost to your Strength score and a +1 boost to your Luck score.
You alse received a Trap from the Feast!
Trap - Active Item, Ability: Trap, Uses: 1
	An intricate contraption to incapacitate another Tribute. 
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. That player will be "Trapped" for the night, and 
	will be unable to perform any actions.
You are engaged in combat by Evan Kohilas at the Feast!
	You are unable to block his attack, and he successfully kills you.
	RIP


Lauren Heading, you have received a Lucky Armour from the Feast!
Lucky Armour - Passive Item, Bonuses: +2 Defence, +1 Luck
	A  glistening golden set of armour with a magnigicent aura of power. 
	While in your possession, this item grants a permanent +2 boost to your Defence score and a +1 boost to your Luck score.
You also received a Telescope from the Feast!
Telescope - Active Item, Ability: Investigate, Uses: 2
	An ornate, collapsible  telescope with an extremely powerful lens.
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. The telescope will allow you to determine if that player is a career or not, as well as their base stats.
You are engaged in combat by Evan Kohilas!
	You are unable to block his attack, and he successfully kills you.
	RIP


David Vo, you received a Defence Serum from the Feast!
Defence Serum - Active Item, Boosts: +2 Defence (Temporary), Uses: 1
	A sparkling blue liquid sealed inside a small glass vial.
	On any night, as well as performing a basic action, you may also choose to use this item on yourself. The Defence Serum will give you a temporary +2 boost to your Defence stat for the remainder of the night.
You are engaged in combat by Alex Rowell at the Feast!
	He successfully blocks your attack, however you also block his counter-attack, and you both escape unharmed.


Hayley van Waas, you have received a Lucky Charm from the Feast!
Lucky Charm - Passive Item, Bonuses: +1 Luck
	A small gold amulet connected to a fine chain. A magnificent jewel glistens in the centre of the charm. 
	While in your possession, this item grants a permanent +1 boost to your Luck score.
You engage in combat with Evan Kohilas!
	He successfully blocks your attack, but you are unable to block his counterattack and he kills you.
	RIP


Evan Kohilas, you have received a Light Armour from the Feast!
Light Armour - Passive Item, Bonuses: +1 Defence
	A set of lightweight leather armour. It's not particularly tough, but it's better than nothing and won't slow you down.
	While in your possession, this item grants a permanent +1 boost to your Defence score.

You engage in combat with Andrew Titmuss at the Feast!
	He is unable to block your attack, and you successfully kill him.
	You raid a Trap from his body.
Trap - Active Item, Ability: Trap, Uses: 1
	An intricate contraption to incapacitate another Tribute. 
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. That player will be "Trapped" for the night, and 
	will be unable to perform any actions.

You are engaged in combat by Mitchell Busby.
	You successfully block his attack, but he is unable to block your counter-attack, and you successfully kill him.
	You raid a Broad Sword from his body.
Broad Sword - Passive Item, Bonuses: +2 Strength, -1 Agility
	A large and intimidating sword, capable of doing a lot of damage. It requires two hands to weld, and is a little heavy to carry around.
	While in your possession, this item grants a permanent +2 boost to your Strength score, but also applies a -1 penalty to your Agility Score. 

You attempt to kill Lauren Heading.
	She is unable to block your attack, and you successfully kill her.
	You raid a Telescope from her body.
Telescope - Active Item, Ability: Investigate, Uses: 2
	An ornate, collapsible  telescope with an extremely powerful lens.
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. The telescope will allow you to determine if that player is a career or not, as well as their base stats.

You are engaged in combat by Hayley van Waas!
	You successfully block her attack, but she is unable to block your counter-attack, and you succesfully kill her.
	You raid a Lucky Charm from her body.
Lucky Charm - Passive Item, Bonuses: +1 Luck
	A small gold amulet connected to a fine chain. A magnificent jewel glistens in the centre of the charm. 
	While in your possession, this item grants a permanent +1 boost to your Luck score.


Alex Rowell, you have received a Strength Serum from the Feast!
Strength Serum - Active Item, Boosts: +2 Strength (Temporary), Uses: 1
	A sparkling red liquid sealed inside a small glass vial.
	On any night, as well as performing a basic action, you may also choose to use this item on yourself. The Strength Serum will give you a temporary +2 boost to your Strength stat for the remainder of the night.
You engage in combat with David Vo at the Feast!
	He successfully blocks your attack, however you also block his counter-attack, and you both escape unharmed.
You successfully consume your Defence Serum.
	Defence Serum, remaining uses: 0


Maddie Mackey, you have received a Medicine from the Feast!
Medicine - Active Item, Ability: Heal, Uses: 1
	A single use vial of foul smelling medicine. It is capable of healing any wounds, provided you can put up with the stink.
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may choose to use this item on any player. That player will be unable to be killed during the Night phase.


Terry Watson, you attempt to use your Poison Dart on Andrew Titmuss!
	However, you couldn't as they were already dead.
	You may still use your Poison Dart on another night if you wish.


Caitlin Bell, you attempted to engage in combat with Hayley van Waas!
	However, you couldn't as tehy were already dead.
	You may still use your Attack on another night if you wish.


Mitchell Busby, you engage in combat with Evan Kohilas!
	He successfully blocks your attack, but you are unable to block his counterattack and he kills you.
	RIP