Night 2

Joel Acquilina, you use the telescope to successfully invesitgate Rachel Alger!
	You learn that Rachel Alger is a Career.
	You learn that Rachel Alger's stats are: {Strength: 9, Agility: 13, Defence: 4, Luck: 4}
	Telescope - Remaining Uses: 3

A sponsor has sent you a Luck Serum!
Luck Serum - Active Item, Boosts: +2 Luck (Temporary), Uses: 1
	A sparkling red liquid sealed inside a small glass vial.
	On any night, as well as performing a basic action, you may also choose to use this item on yourself. The Luck Serum will give you a temporary +2 boost to your Luck stat for the remainder of the night.

David Vo, a sponsor has sent you a Scout Drone!
Scout Drone - Active Item, Ability: Follow, Uses: 1
	A small remote-controlled drone fitted with a camera and live video feed.
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may choose to use this item on any player. 
	You will follow that player with the item and observe their actions for the night.

Lauren Heading, a sponsor has sent you a Trap!
Trap - Active Item, Ability: Trap, Uses: 1
	An intricate contraptions to incapacitate another Tribute. 
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. That player will be "Trapped" for the night, and will be unable to perform any actions.

You have received a note from your district partner!
	"If I 💀, lynch Shane. ∃ possibility that Mafia expected this response, but this is probably best lead"

Deanna Arora, you engage in combat with Lauren McNamara!
	She successfully blocks your attack. However you are unable to block her counter-attack. You have been killed.
	RIP

Lauren McNamara, you are engaged in combat by Deanna Arora!
	You successfully blocks her attack. However she is unable to block your counter-attack. You successfully kill her.


Evan Kohilas, you attempt to engage in combat with Mitchell Busby!
	However you are unable to locate him. 

Terry Watson, you attempt to engage in combat with Aretha Peethamparam!
	However you are unable to locate her. 


Rachel Alger, you have received a note from your district partner!
	 "I know who you are"

Michael Cui, you have received a note from your district partner!
	 "I have a healing pack. I'm not sure if you can pick it up when I die, but if I do... Come find it."

Robbie Collins, you have received a note from your district partner!
	 "nah m8 im on the level, no one special"