Night 3

Joel Acquilina, you attempt to use the Strength Serum, before Hiding. 
	However you accidentally step into a trap, which incapicitates you for the night.
	You were unable to perform any actions tonight. 
	You may still attempt to you the Serum or Hide on a later night.

You are attacked! The attacker wins the fight, however before you bleed out, another Tribute provides you with medicine, healing your wound.


Hayley van Waas, you attempt to engage in combat with Lauren Heading!
	However you are unable to locate them.

A sponsor has sent you an Agility Serum!
Agility Serum - Active Item, Boosts: +2 Agility (Temporary), Uses: 1
	A sparkling red liquid sealed inside a small glass vial.
	On any night, as well as performing a basic action, you may also choose to use this item on yourself. The Agility Serum will give you a temporary +2 boost to your Agility stat for the remainder of the night.


Andrew Titmuss, a sponsor has sent you a Scout Drone!
Scout Drone - Active Item, Ability: Follow, Uses: 1
	A small remote-controlled drone fitted with a camera and live video feed.
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may choose to use this item on any player. 
	You will follow that player with the item and observe their actions for the night.


Maddie Wagner, a sponsor has sent you a Poison Dart!
Poison Dart - Active Item, Ability: Poison, Uses: 1
	A long hollow tube containing a single dart, laced with one of the most potent poisons known to man. 
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. That player will be "Poisoned" during that night. A poisoned player will die at the end of the night, two (2) nights later. (eg. if poisoned on N1, will die at the end of N3).


Alex Rowell, you engage in combat with Shane Arora!
	He is unable to block your attack, and you successfully kill him!
	You raid his body, and retrieve a Trap Kit!
Trap Kit - Active Item, Ability: Trap, Uses: 2
	A handy kit containing all sorts of devices and contraptions to incapacitate another Tribute. 
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. That player will be "Trapped" for the night, and will be unable to perform any actions.


Evan Kohilas, you attempt to kill Joel Acquilina!
	He is unable to block your attack, and you successfully injure him. 
	However, he survives the attack thanks to Medicine provided by another Tribute.
You receive a note from your district partner!
	"In morning leave a num and reason. How sus is Lauren H on the scale and why? (Dont have to say who)"



Shane Arora you are engaged in combat by Alex Rowell!
	He overpowers you and you are unable to block his counter-attack. You have been killed.
	RIP


Robbie Collins, you attempt to engage in combat with Terry Watson!
	However you are unable to locate him. 

Ben Myers, you have received a note from your district partner!
	 "If I die: Im ataking Shne bcuz Rchl was figting to gt Artha kild insted of him and so he migt b maf"

Bryan Mitchell, you have received a note from your district partner!
	"Wat nife do?
	r8 shane, aretha?
	LM sus?
	u gon kill sum1 w/nife?
	who else sus?"
