Night 7


Alex Rowell, you successfully bomb Bryan Mitchell!
	Grenade Set, remaining uses: 1
A sponsor has sent you a Defence Serum!
Defence Serum - Active Item, Boosts: +2 Defence (Temporary), Uses: 1
	A sparkling blue liquid sealed inside a small glass vial.
	On any night, as well as performing a basic action, you may also choose to use this item on yourself. The Defence Serum will give you a temporary +2 boost to your Defence stat for the remainder of the night.



Terry Watson, you attempt to engage in combat with David Vo.
	However you are unable to locate him.
A sponsor has sent you a Poison Dart!
Poison Dart - Active Item, Ability: Poison, Uses: 1
	A long hollow tube containing a single dart, laced with one of the most potent poisons known to man. 
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. That player will be "Poisoned" during that night. A poisoned player will die at the end of the night, two (2) nights later. (eg. if poisoned on N1, will die at the end of N3).
You receive a note from your district partner!
	"Evan seems sus to me. Disclaimer: I have no evidence 😂 to back this up"



Caitlin Bell, a sponsor has sent you a Trap!
Trap - Active Item, Ability: Trap, Uses: 1
	An intricate contraptions to incapacitate another Tribute. 
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. That player will be "Trapped" for the night, and will be unable to perform any actions.



Evan Kohilas, you attempt to engage in combat with Lauren Heading
	However you are unable to locate her.
You receive a note from your district partner!
	"IDEK anymore, you're probs a career TBH but I'm sort of not even worried about it, AFK people make it real hard"



Hayley van Waas, you attempt to engage in combat with Bryan Mitchell.
	However you are unable to as he is already dead.
	Your attack was not placed on cooldown, so you may attack again tomorrow night if you wish.

