Night 5

Joel Aquilina, you are engaged in combat by Evan Kohilas!
	You are unable to block his attack, and he kills you.
	RIP

Evan Kohilas, you engage in combat with Joel Aquilina!
	His is unable to block your attack, and you successfully kill him.
	You raid a Luck Serum from his body.
Luck Serum - Active Item, Boosts: +2 Luck (Temporary), Uses: 1
	A sparkling red liquid sealed inside a small glass vial.
	On any night, as well as performing a basic action, you may also choose to use this item on yourself. The Luck Serum will give you a temporary +2 boost to your Luck stat for the remainder of the night.
During the night, you another Tribute leaves you a vial of medicine, which cures you of your poison!


Caitlin Bell, you attempt to use a Grenade on Riley Hoolahan. 
	However you accidentally step into a trap, which incapicitates you for the night.
	You were unable to perform any actions tonight. 
	You may still attempt to you the Grenade on a later night.
	Grenades - Remaining Uses: 2
You have received a note from your district partner!
	"HECK who is this to? R u career? Hoi. I'm DALS. No items, u? Have a good night. M"


Andrew Titmuss, you use your Scout Drone to follow Lauren Heading!
	You observe them Protecting Evan Kohilas.


Alex Rowell, you successfully use your Trap Kit on Caitlin Bell!
	Trap Kit, Remaining Uses: 1
A sponsor has sent you a vial of Medicine!
Medicine - Active Item, Ability: Heal, Uses: 1
	A single use vial of foul smelling medicine. It is capable of healing any wounds, provided you can put up with the stink.
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may choose to use this item on any player. That player will be unable to be killed during the Night phase.


Mitchell Busby, a sponsor has sent you a pair of Running Shoes!
Running Shoes - Passive Item, Bonuses: +1 Agility
	An extremely comfortable and well-fitting pair of bright red running shoes. Red makes everything go faster, including you.
	While in your possession, this item grants a permanent +1 boost to your Agility score.


Michael Cui, a sponsor has sent you a Trap!
Trap - Active Item, Ability: Trap, Uses: 1
	An intricate contraptions to incapacitate another Tribute. 
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may instead choose to use this item on any other player. That player will be "Trapped" for the night, and will be unable to perform any actions.



Bryan Mitchell, you have received a note from your district partner!
	"I feel like Hayley and Caitlin are sus, they've been lurking... What do you think?"


Terry Watson, you have received a note from your district partner!
	 "sup Terry, how's it going?"