Joel Acquilina, you use the telescope to successfully invesitgate Deanna Arora.
	You learn that Deanna Arora is a regular Tribute.
	You learn that Deanna Arora's stats are: {Strength: 9, Agility: 9, Defence: 6, Luck: 6}
	Telescope - Remaining Uses: 4

A sponsor has sent you a Strength Serum!
Strength Serum - Active Item, Boosts: +2 Strength (Temporary), Uses: 1
	A sparkling red liquid sealed inside a small glass vial.
	On any night, as well as performing a basic action, you may also choose to use this item on yourself. The Strength Serum will give you a temporary +2 boost to your Strength stat for the remainder of the night.

You have received a note from your district partner!
	"Hello"

Hayley van Waas, a sponsor has sent you a Dagger!
Dagger - Passive Item, Bonuses: +1 Strength
	A small, yet sharp, handheld dagger. It's not a particularly powerful weapon, but it can still be lethal when it matters.
	While in your possession, this item grants a permanent +1 boost to your Strength score.

Robbie Collins, a sponsor has sent you a vial of Medicine!
Medicine - Active Item, Ability: Heal, Uses: 1
	A single use vial of foul smelling medicing. It is capable of healing any wounds, provided you can put up with the stink.
	On any night, instead of performing a basic action, you may choose to use this item on any player. That player will be unable to be killed during the Night phase. 

Shea Bunge, you have received a note from your district partner!
	"sup dardz i aint no career wbu homie xoxo ily"

Evan Kohilas, you have received a note from your district partner!
	"Deanna pushing sus on rach quite hard, what are your thoughts? Not sure what you are but it's worth "... 
	The message seems to trail off uncompleted at the end

You also engage in combat with Liam Cahill!
	He is unable to block your attack, and you kill him. You attempt to raid his body, but see that he is not carrying anything. You escape the Cornucopia unharmed.

Andrew Titmuss, you have received a note from your district partner!
	"I did not go to the cornucopia"

Bryan Mitchell, you have received a note from your district partner!
	"Heya Mr. Sandpaper
	Any ideas?
	#TrustInBryan"