As darkness enveloped the arena once more, the Tributes started to feel uneasy once more. There were still so many threats to their lives out there. Silently, they began to slip off into night one by one. 

Once more, many of the Tributes opted to seek shelter in an attempt to defend themselves, rather than take matters into their own hands. Still, a small group of people decided the perhaps the best defence was indeed a good offense.

On opposite sides of the arena, two Tributes were both out on the hunt. Each had a look of determination and resolve upon their face, but only one had a murderous glint in their eye. Unfortunately for them, both of their targets were unable to be found, no matter how hard they looked.

They weren't the only two out searching however. Deanna had also been attempting to track down her target. She had spotted them not long ago, and had been following them since. However the trail had gone cold and for a moment Deanna thought that perhaps they had escaped. Suddenly, Deanna heard a rustling coming from some nearby bushes. At once she lept towards the bushes, violently hacking and slashing. Her blade was met with resistance as a metallic twang rang out, and Lauren McNamara emerged from her hiding spot, a large blade in hand.

Not to be put off, Deanna attempted to strike once more. They were evenly matched, but she  was confident that she would could overpower her opponent. She swung left as Lauren dodged right. She lunged forward and Lauren parried. She went to strike once more but this time Lauren was too fast her. Deanna was unable to defend the counter move, as Lauren swung her blade around with a powerful attack knocking her to the ground. The shot of a canon firing was heard throughout the arena as Lauren finished the job, before sneaking back to her hiding spot. 

Deanna Arora was a regular Tribute.

Once again, items rained from the sky down towards those lucky enough to receive sponsorship. A reasonable stockpile of gear was slowly being collected by the Tributes, which was bound to start making quite the impact in the battles to come.

BEGIN DAY 3!


