Night fell upon the Arena for the ninth time, which meant it was now time for the feast. 

A table had appeared not far from where the Tributes had gathered. On top of it sat a number of drawstring bags, containing all the previously unused items, as well as some shiny new tools for whoever was able to retrieve them. As the sun sunk below the horizon and darkness overtook them, the Tributes knew that they would need to act fast. Many of them daashed towards the Feast, yet a few opted for safety and dissappeared quietly into the night. 

Before long, all the bags had been snatched. But with so many Tributes in close quarters during the Night, it wasn't long before a fight would break out. One Tribute paused to open their bag, pleased to see that they had picked up a Trap. Suddenly, the Tribute sensed somebody approaching from behind. They turned to see another Tribute, sporting a newly acquired set of leather armour, knife raised and out for more items to use in the battles to come. The Tribute's attacker slashed down with the knife, aiming straight for the chest. As their only means of defence, the Tribute through their arms out, attempting to grab the assailant's wrist and stop the knife before it was too late. On a normal day, the Tribute may have been able to deflect the attack and throw the knife away, but they was tired and weary from their time in the Games. While the defensive move took some of the momentum away from the strike, it wasn't enough to stop the knife plunging into Andrew Titmuss' chest. He fell to the ground as the all too familiar cannon shot rang out.

	Andrew Titmuss was a regular Tribute.

Prying the bag from Andrew's dying grasp, the assailant disappeared off into the night. As they ran, they noticed another fight occurring nearby the Feast. The combatants appeared evenly matched, but there was no time to stick around and observe the result. As the asailant (ok they really need a name, uh, Santa)... Ahem. As Santa ran into the forest to make his preparations for the night, he came across another Tribute who had been hiding in the shadows, skipping the feast to wait especially for him. This Tribute was wielding a giant sword, and without warning thrashed towards Santa. Santa parried the attack, his newfound armour coming in handy once again. The recoil from the attack caused the Tribute to overbalance and stumble forward. Seizing the opening, Santa plunged his already bloody knife directly into the Tribute's back as they fell to the ground. Ripping the knife out of the shoulder of his second victim for the night, Santa knelt down and slit the Tribute's throat, putting Mitchell Busby out of his misery to the sound of another cannon firing.
	
	Mitchell Busby was a regular Tribute.

It had already been an extremely eventful night for Santa, but he still had a task he was determined to get on with. There would be no more distractions, tonight would be the night. He had been watching his target at the feast, paying careful attention to which direction they had left in. Once he was certain he wasn't being followed, Santa began jogging in the same direction. Unlike previously, it didn't take him long to find his target tonight, it appeared that they had run out of places to hide. They were spotting a brand new set of shining gold armour, but Santa paid this no notice. Lifting the powerful sword he had raided as the spoils from his most recent victory above his head, Santa gave a war-like cry and charged at his target. Bringing it down in an almighty attack, the weapon sliced straight through Lauren Heading's shining new armour, cutting her down in a single blow.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6pNSVepDpkPNzhXOEhYeU1UTEU/view?usp=sharing

	Lauren Heading was a regular Tribute.

Santa knelt down to grab the bag that Lauren had also retrieved from the Feast. As he turned around and stood back up, he realised his night was yet to end. Yet another Tribute had found him, and was running towards him with a knife outstretched. With a sigh, Santa raised his own weapon and prepared to block the attack. Even though he was tired and weary, he still outmatched his opponent, and had little trouble deflecting the attack. For the fourth time tonight, he swung his weapon and his combatant, and for the fourth time again, it found it's mark as he impaled Hayley van Waas.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6pNSVepDpkPNzhXOEhYeU1UTEU/view?usp=sharing (again...)


	Hayley van Waas was a regular Tribute.


Exhausted, Santa finally disappeared into the darkness, well and truly spent but a shiny new necklace around his neck. Soon after he had slipped away, another Tribute stumbled upon Hayley's body. It seemed someone had beaten them to her...


As the Tribute's gathered the following morning, they were dismayed to see how far their numbers had whitled down over the course of a single night. Some of them had still managed to retrieve something from the Feast however. Hopefully it was worth it.

BEGIN DAY 10



