As darkness fell upon the arena, the Tributes scattered into the night. There was no time to celebrate their success, one Career was down but there were surely others who would be out for blood tonight.

Many of the Tributes sought out a hiding place, or attempted to gather some defences in preparation for a fight. One Tribute had found a vantage point at the top of a small hill within the forest, and was crouching down with a metallic Telescope to their face. The Tribute used the device to slowly scan across the arena. It took some time, but eventually they were able to locate their target. Satisfied, the Tribute collapsed the item back down and headed off into the night.

Not everyone had decided to peacefully wait out the night however. One Tribute had found a sharp rock, and had resolved to take matters into their own hands. Now if they could only find that person they were looking for...

As the Tribute rounded a corner, they were ambushed by a Career with a maniacal grin across their face. Before the Tribute even had time to react, the Career had overpowered him and tackled him to the ground. Drawing a knife, the Career ruthlessly slashed at the Tributes throat, leaving him to gag and splutter as he slowly bled out.

Throughout the arena, the shot of a canon could be heard once more. As was tradition, the sound of swelling orchestral music rang out as the faces of the fallen Tributes were projected up into the sky.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42xzsq7St88

The faces of Quinn and Ben, both from district 11, appeared one after the other. They were followed by a 3rd face, the only victim of the first night within the Hunger Games, @Liam Cahill.

Liam Cahill was a regular Tribute.

There was a small note visible on Liam Cahill's body, it read:
	"I suck at creating messages encryption halp!"

	
As dawn broke, some Tributes were giften with their first donation from the mysterious sponsors. Hopefully these gifts would come in handy for the trials to come.

BEGIN DAY 2



