NIGHT 3 ENDS

It was time for another night within the arena of the Hunger Games.

In the darkness, one Tribute was searching for a place to hide. In their hand, they held a vial containing a glowing liquid. They planned to use it tonight, but was saving it for the opportune moment. Suddenly, the Tribue felt a sharp yanking sensation as they was hoisted into the air by their right leg. It seemed that somebody had laid a trip, and the Tribute had wandered right into. Swinging in the air they struggled to escape, but it was no use. The Tribute started to panic. Being strung up here left them as vulnerable as a sitting duck. Thankfully, it seemed that whoever had setup the trap had abondoned this area. 

Sometime later, the Tribute (now slightly dizzy with all the blood rushing to their head), heard the sound of crunching leaves and approaching footsteps. Praying that they were a friend, the Tribute called out for help, for they knew there was no way they were getting out of this trap alone. Another Tribute came into sight, drawing a knife as they did so. The newcommer approached the captured Tribute and wish a slash, cut the rope that was holding him in the air. With a thud they crashed to the ground. Turning to face this savior, the Tribute began to thank him profusely. That was when they noticed that this newcommer was still holding the knife, a murderous look in their eye. Before the Tribute had time to react, the one who had just helped them down began slashing and stabbing. Satisfied with the deed, the newcommer left the clearing as their target began to bleed out.

The canon hadn't fired yet however, and before long a third Tribute had approached. Kneeling down over the bleeding body, they began to apply a medicinal salve to the injured Tribute's wounds, watching as the bleeding stopped and they were miraculously healed. Before the Tribute had time to thank their true savior, they had dissappeared into the night once more.

In a nearby location, two Tributes were in a frantic chase, one in pursuit of the other. They were both fast, but the one in the rear was slowly closing the gap. As the first Tribute tripped and fell, the second finally caught up to their target. The attacker, wasn't strong, but being caught of guard, their target was quite defenceless. Before they had a chance to block the attack, the pursuer had leapt on top of him and slit his throat. Before long a canon wrang out, and the orchestral music started playing.

The faces of the fallen tributes from the last two days began to flash up in the sky. 
Jacob Frilay, District 6
Deanna Arora, District 13
Rachel Alger, District 4
and now joining the fallen
Shane Arora, District 2

Shane Arora was a Career!

As the sun rose, it appeared that the night had been fortuitous for the town, with one less Career around and the remaining Tributes surviving. But there was a real chance that their luck would start to run out soon...

BEGIN DAY 3


