NIGHT 7 ENDS

Deciding that tonight was the night to act, a Tribute (who we shall refer to as Newton) unstoppered a bottle containing a glowing red liquid, and downed the whole thing in a single go. At once he could feel the benefits of the mysterious serum. With a look of determination, he raced off into the night to find his target. 

Not far away, two tributes had already engaged in combat. Their fighting style was cautious and patient, taking care not to over-extend while looking for a gap in the other's defences. It was no use though, as their weapons clashed together, it appeared that they were evenly matched. Realising that there would be no clear victor, the two comatants dashed off in opposite directions rather than risking staying in one spot for too long. 

Meanwhile, Newton had caught site of his target, Galileo, off in the distance. Newton began to charge at his target, weapon at the ready as he closed the gap. It wasn't long before Galileo heard his attacker approaching, and realising his life was in danger, he began running too. Even while carrying a massive sword, Galileo was fast. Just when it seemed that Newton wouldn't be able to catch up, they rounded a corner to see that the ground had been eroded around them, leading to a sharp incline. It was too steep for Galileo to climb, and he realised he had been cornered. Preparing himself, he drew his sword and turned to face Newton, who was brandishing a sharp dagger. Newton lunged and even though the weapon was small, Galileo was only just able to block the attack. Galileo raised his sword for a counter attack, yet even with the powerful weapon, there was little force behind his strike. Newton easily blocked the counterattack.

It was then that a massive explosion shook the arena once again. Seizing his chance while Newton was distracted, Galileo ducked past him and run dashed off. Newton considered giving chase once more, but he knew that Newton would be likely to outrun him. Regardless, the sun was beginning to peek up from beyond the horizon, so he decided to make his way back to the clearing instead.

As the Tributes gathered once more, they realised that Maddie Wagner was no longer with them. They spent some time searching for her body, but it was nowhere to be found.

	@Riley Hoolahan is dead

BEGIN DAY 8 