NIGHT 5 ENDS

(Once again, we shall refer to the the unnamed tributes using Pseudonyms, because let's face it, it's kinda fun)
Compared to the previous night, significantly less Tributes were out and about tonight. That being said, things were still not completely quiet. One Tribute, Ash Ketchum, was sprinting quickly through the trees, a look of determination on his face. A drone passed overhead, but the Ash paid it no notice. He had a job to do, and tonight he was going to do it right.

Ash searched and searched for his target, almost completing a full lap of the arena. It seems that his target had managed to find an excellent hiding spot, but Ash wasn't going to give up. He dashed up a nearby hill, passing right past another Tribute who was swinging upside by a length of rope tied to a tree. Once he reached the top of the small hill, Ash took a moment to catch his breath. It was then that he noticed that some of the leaves nearby had an off colouring. As he approached, Ash noticed that the leaves seemed to be rustling ever so slightly. Realising that somebody had taken to camouflaging themself, Ash drew his weapon and readied an attack.

Underneath the pile of leaves, Brock knew that he had been discovered. Rather than be caught defenceless, he leapt up and braced for the attack. However, Ash was far to strong with him. With a savage look in his eye, he struck at Brock, knocking him to the ground and slicing his shoulder open. Ash stepped triumphantly over Brock's body, and with a single stab, he plunged his weapon straight into Brock's chest, finishing the job. Not wanting to stick around and risk any further trouble, Ash knelt down to examine Brock's body. He retrieved a small vial of liquid, with a gold slowing sheen, before dashing off into the night as the last traces of life left Brock's eye.
(Brock was Joel Aquilina)
	Joel Aquilina was a regular Tribute!

The familiar sound of a canon shot was heard across the arena. As the sun rose and the remaining tributes looked to the sky as the orchestral music began playing as an ode to the recently fallen tributes.
Robbie Collins, District 9
Lauren McNamara, District 14
Aretha Peethamparam, District 12
Ben Myers, District 5
Joel Aquilina, District 4

BEGIN DAY 6