NIGHT 4 ENDS

As the Canon fired, signalling Robbie's death, the Tributes dispersed once more into the darkness, preparing for the night to come. Things were certainly about to get, interesting....


Once more, a resourceful Tribute had found a suitable vantage point and took cover, withdrawing a shiny instrument from his pocket and placing it to his eye. As he scanned around the arena, a small machine zipped through the air right above his head, before slowing down as it began to hover nearby. The Tribute was unfazed by this however, as he continued to intently search for his target. Eventually he located them by the side of a river some way off into the distance, however they certainly weren't alone. 

(The following paragraphs features 4 different tributes, who will be referred to pseudonymously as Hermonie, Harry, Ron and Neville)

By the river, Hermione had located her target and withdrawn her weapon as she crept up behind him. Harry hadn't noticed her yet, probably because he was preoccupied with hunting down his own target for the night. Seizing her chance, Hermione lunged forward with her weapon, striking at Harry from behind. Sensing the movement, Harry spun around at the last second and blocked the attack. While Hermione recovered from the recoil, Harry launched a viscious counter-attack. But Hermione was prepared for it and managed to dodge out of the way. No longer holding the element of surprise, Hermione turned and ran.

As Hermioned sprinted off in the other direction, she halted in the nick of time as Ron stepped out from behind a tree directly in front of her. Ron charged at her, as Hermione braced herself for his attack. The strike was powerful, but Ron misjudged it and Hermione was easily able to parry. Overstepping, Ron lost his balance, and as he stumbled past Hermione she swung her weapon in a counter-attack, striking Ron squarely in the back. He collapsed to the ground, blood seeping out of his fatal wound.
(Ron was Lauren McNamara)
	Lauren McNamara was a regular Tribute

Back by the river, the night wasn't over for Harry. Since the fight, he had lost some ground on his target, but he could still see Neville's foorprints on the ground in front of him. Determined, Harry picked up the pace and began to jog after his target. It wasn't long before he came across Neville, his back up against a tree and was braced for combat. It appeared he had expected an attack, and had done his best to prepare himself. Even with his raised defences though, Neville was no match for Harry's superior strength. With an almighty blow, Harry cut through Neville's defenses and slashed his stomach open. As he collapsed to the ground, Harry noticed that Neville was wearing a pair of fancy looking shoes. Thinking that they would come in handy, Harry raided them for himself off of Neville's dying body.
(Neville was Aretha Peethamparam)
	Aretha Peethamparam was a regular Tribute.

The canon fired twice more, indicating two more deaths. So far the games had claimed 10 lives, but the Capitol was still hungry (:P) for more!


BEGIN DAY 4!



