(So something I may have overlooked. It's really hard to write flavour text under the assumption that only a few of you actually have items/weapons. So, if I mention someone using an item/weapon in an update, it doesn't necessarily mean they were holding an item. If they are, I'll make it obvious. Otherwise assume everything else is just creative license...)

With very little info to go on, the Tributes were unsure who they should lynch first. They knew the Careers were among them, but it was too early to be confident in their identities. As the sun set, they settled on Ben Jelavic.

"Why me‽" He exclaimed. "I haven't done anything wrong!"

"That may be true," replied another Tribute, "However you look an awful lot like Joel over here, and it's just confusing..." Many of the other Tributes nodded in agreement as they began to encircle him.

"Well... In that case, I'm not going down without a fight!" With a mad glint in his eye, Ben brandished a curved blade and charged at the nearest Tribute. He probably would have been successful too, if he hadn't stumbled on a root in the ground and fallen to the ground. 

Without pause, another Tribute approached Ben and methodically plunged a knife through his back. As the crowd watched Ben's blood slowly drain out, a canon fired indicating the death of another player.

Ben Jelavic was a Career!

BEGIN NIGHT 1

Every player may choose to perform one of the three basic actions: Attack, Guard or Hide. Remember that basic actions have a a 3 night cooldown (so a selected action tonight may not be used again until N5). If any additional actions/abilities are available to you, you may use them instead. You do not have to perform any action if you don't want to (but please send me a PM anyway indicating this is your intent). 

You may also choose to share a note with your district partner. Please read the pinned mechanics document for information about this. Notes must be submitted to me along with any other night actions.

PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR ACTIONS BY 10:00AM TOMORROW. I WILL NOT ACCEPT ANY LATE ACTIONS AFTER 10:30AM.
