With only three Tributes left, there wasn't much to be discussed.

Two of the remaining survivors wasted no time, turning towards Maddie Mackey. 

"No guys, wait!" she cried. "Look! I have berries!!!" She opened her outstreached hands 

The other two gazed curiously at their impending victim, and merely chuckled with bemusement. Together, they drew their weapons and set upon her. Maddie's screams rang out as the cannon fired once more.

	Maddie Mackey was a regular Tribute!
	The regular Tributes have been eliminated!!!

As the sun began to set, the two remaining Careers, Evan Kohilas and Caitlin Bell faced each other. By now, they knew what had to be done. The games wouldn't end when they were all that remained, they had suspected this for a while. There would be one final combat, the winner emerging victorious as the winner of the games.

Without giving Caitlin a chance to brace herself, Evan drew his oversized sword and charged directly at her. Evan feinted right, as Caitlin hurried to get her weapon ready to block. At the last moment, Evan changed direction, instead slicing towards her left shoulder. Caitlin twisted as the blade narrowly missed her neck, instead slicing directly through her upper arm. Wincing in pain, she noticed that Evan had overstepped his mark, leaving his back exposed. Spinning around, Caitlin slashed low, returning the blow as she sliced open the back of Evan's leg. 

Both wounded and dripping blood, the two Careers faced each other once more. The pain was agonising, but neither were willing to concede. Raising his weapon, Evan prepared for another attack. This time however, Caitlin was ready for him and was able to easily read his sluggish movements. As Evan approached, Caitlin parried the blow, and with Evan now in close quarters, she plunged her knife into his abdoman.

Howling with pain and derision, Evan crumpled to his knees as Caitlin pulled her knife free, watching the blood run down it. Her shoulder felt like it was on fire, and she could feel the edges of her vision start to fade. Caitlin knew she would need to end it soon. Before she was weakened further, she charged at Evan, this time on the offense. Evan raised his weapon to block the attack, but he was unused to being on the defensive side of an attack. With little effort, Caitlin was able to knock the weapon out of his hands. 

Standing over her weaponless companion, Caitlin knew she had won this fight. 

"Well fought pal, it's been a pleasure fighting with you!", she congratulated her friend and comrade, before slitting his throat.

	Evan Kohilas was a Career!

As the final cannon shot was fired, citizens all around the capitol errupted in cheers, having watched the entire fight on the edge of their seats. 

A fanfare began playing, underneath an announcement roaring with excitement
"LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THE WINNER OF THE 42ND HUNGER GAMES: FROM DISTRICT 10... CAITLIN BELL!!!"

Smiling, Caitlin gazed up into sky as images flashed up showing the resulting celebrations across the capitol, before finishing with her friends and family back home in District 10. She had done it! Not only had she survived the games, she had done what it took to emerge victorious!


